Fix incorrect login info and add more notes (#159)
silverstripe/silverstripe-userhelp-content: docs/en/01_Managing_your_website/01_Logging_In.md

![Login to Silverstripe CMS](../_images/general-login.png)

[note]

> If you select the **Keep me signed in** checkbox field, you will be automatically signed in the next time you visit the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Staying signed in ("Remember Me" functionality)

If you select the **Keep me signed in** checkbox field, you will be automatically signed in the next time you visit the site.
```

Only use this option on a computer where you alone have access.

Additional information:

* When checking this option you will stay signed in for 90 days by default.
* You can stay signed in on multiple devices by default.

> * Logging out will clear automatic sign-ins on any device by default for your user which means you will need to log in again the next time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Logging out of one device will clear automatic sign-ins on all of your devices by default, which means you will need to log in again next time.
```

> * Keep in mind the system administrator can change these default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* These features may behave differently based on how the developers / administrators have configured them.
```
